Translate updated Altinn Studio intro course (#1719)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/altinn-studio/getting-started/app-dev-course/modul5/_index.en.md

## Navigate to the Publishing Page
1. Navigate to the service's publishing page by clicking the "Publish" button in the top right corner.
2. The page will display with 3 columns:
    - _On the left_: The different environments available. These are: _Production_ if the organization has a production environment, and _TT02_ which is the organization's test environment. Some organizations have multiple test environments.
    - _In the middle_: An overview of which versions have been published to each environment. For a brand new service, no history will be shown here until the service is actually published.
    - _On the right_: A column to build a new version of the service and an overview of previous versions.

## Access to Publish
Access to publish a service is set up by the person who manages permissions for your organization. If you do not have access to publish for your organization, you will receive a message on the page that says:
> _You do not belong to any team in your organization._

Contact the person who manages permissions for your organization to gain access to publish to the test environment.

## Build a Version

> 1. Make sure you have uploaded all changes you have made to the service to the service's central file area by clicking "Share changes" in the top menu, and entering a short description. Then click "Validate changes" to validate and upload all changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure you have uploaded all changes you have made to the service to the service's central repository by clicking "Share changes" in the top menu, and entering a short description. Then click "Validate changes" to validate and upload all changes.
```
